# Meagan Wilkins

# What Is Being Done?
As a whole group, the editors are in charge of writing and approving the actual content of the CMS Guidebook. As a result, we have created sections of the book that each editor will be in charge of writing, as well as appointed two editors to be in charge of approving the content. While I do not have one of the two approving content positions that I just mentioned, I will be doing quite a bit of work for this project. First, Samuel and I have been the main editors creating the structure and expectations for our project. For instance, I created the Google document and sample outline of chapters that people could sign up for and I have sent everything we need (Google folder links, how the chapters should be organized, etc.) to the respective Slack channels. Second, I am working with Charles Buckler on the WordPress chapter of our CMS Guidebook. This will be the main work I do throughout the rest of the semester. Since the WordPress chapter will be the largest chapter of the book, Charles and I are splitting the responsibility. I will be writing about WordPress in general and WordPress features and he will be writing about content modeling and aggregation on WordPress.  I chose this chapter because I am the only editor that has interacted with WordPress before this class, so I will use both my personal experience and research to write the most accurate summary of what WordPress is and what the user can do with it. The way the chapter will be set up in the Google document will be the title, introduction paragraph, a subheader, content, another subheader, content, and more, depending on how many subsections are needed. I will also highlight all the words I want to be included in the glossary in blue so that Jessica can easily include them. When all my writing is complete, I will talk with the site designers and developers on how they want to go about uploading the content to our WordPress site.

# When Is It Being Done?
I have already finished my commitment of creating the structure and expectations for the editors. As a result, I have currently started on my WordPress chapter commitment by researching for it and I will start on the writing process very soon. As of right now, my chapter is due December 1, but I anticipate finishing my chapter earlier than that. I do not know exactly how much time I will spend on this project, but I estimate spending at least six hours on writing the chapter alone.

# How Will It Be Evaluated?
The good thing about choosing an editor to evaluate my work is that they know what good work from me looks like. As a result, they will be able to tell if I really put in the effort on the project. However, there are also more tangible requirements that I would like my work to meet. The editor will be evaluating my work for a total of eight points. I believe that one point should be awarded for simply doing the chapter, two points should be awarded for grammar, clarity, fluency, and organization of the chapter, two points should be awarded for detail and proof that time and effort was put in to writing the chapter, two points should be awarded if the chapter encompasses WordPress as a whole (both what we learned in class and additional research), and one point should be awarded for commitment to the project as a whole (meeting all deadlines, how helpful I am to both the editors and other teams, etc.). I believe this point distribution leaves the editor with some interpretation while also providing them with a framework of how to tell if I really put the effort into this project.

# Who Will Evaluate It?
The editors have chosen one editor to evaluate one other editor's work. Our person to evaluate will be selected through random selection. I believe any of the editors will be able to evaluate me effectively because I have gotten pretty close with them throughout the course of this class, so they know how hard I work. In addition, we all have the same responsibilities for the most part, so they know what to expect in terms of my work.

## Justification for Changes
In this revised document, I have made a few changes. My "What Is Being Done?" section stayed the same, but all the other sections have been changed. For the "When Is It Being Done?" section, I deleted the part about me not knowing when my due date for my chapter is and added that my chapter is due December 1. I made this change because the editors were given a due date from the administrators of November 10 for chapters 1-5 and December 1 for all other chapters. This is a new innovation from when I last submitted the written agreement. For the "How Will It Be Evaluated?" and "Who Will Evaluate It?" sections, I changed all the mentions of Jessica Roark to a random editor. This is because the editors have changed how we are selecting who will evaluate our projects. We changed it to random selection to be more fair in the distribution of work. Other than those changes, this written agreement has remained largely the same.
